Thannks for your question.
I will be happy to answer any questions you have.
Calm and be yourself
Speak slowly...


Good Morning friends and Good evening to my friends in the EGS

I am here to present my personal D&I story.

Just like every one I was born in India and migrated to India in 1998 to solve the the Y2K problem.

We are four brothers and sisters. I am the edest of all. 
You know the advantages and disadvantages of being the eldest.
	* You are the authority
	* Everything you will try first taste
	* First child more pampered child

I never realized that, but now my brother tells me how they use to hide things from me.

I have two boys, they were angels when they were small or when sleeping. Teenage years were little tough. 
They are both in IT older is working for last 5 years and younger one is passing out this year.

My mother died in way back when I was in college and youngest brother was 11 year old. My father is with us, but you know he calls this a Luxurious Prison cell, with all facilities but no freedom.

I graduated those early days of 8" floopy disks, Green main frame terminals, PC 640KB RAM( My phone RAM is 6GB).
From Basic, COBOL, PASCAL, LISPS, PROLOG etc

I was teaching and developing software to under-graduates and Graduates. 
Computer center/Internet setups. Left my Phd in between when I came to USA.


I was part of Alina Hos-pice, I was part of regular HOS-PICE you meet patients once a week in the nursing center and also I was part of last 24 hours team in which you have to sit near terminally ill dying person most of the time on Morphine.
(Pictures from their childhood marriage and ...)

Hobbies: I can say I am jack of all. I have learned harmonica, flute, sketching... at present I am more toward photography, gradening, yoga, long rides on bicycle ( summer only).

At present any Point and Shoot and good phone works.. thinking of upgrading to Nikon D750 Full frame ($$$$)

Restorative, Relators, connectedness, Developers, Includer


Wellsfargo joined as a contractor (WMG) Wachovia
  then later as fulltime in 2014.
Worked on many projects Greenfield projects FHADTS/HIVE/VA ( along with Kodz, and Suzzane )
At present part of Minneapolis THUB team migrating various applications to PCF Could



I will be happy to answer any questions you have.


Restorative: Good at figuring out what is wrong and resolving it.
Relators: Satisfaction in working with friends to achieve a goal
Connectedness: Things happen for a reason. You are sure of it. You are sure of it because in your soul you know that we are all connected. 
	Yes, we are individuals, responsible for our own judgments and in possession of our own free will, but nonetheless we are part of something larger.

Developer: You see the potential in others. 
Very often, in fact, potential is all you see. In your view no individual is fully formed. On the contrary, each individual is a work in progress, alive with possibilities. 
And you are drawn toward people for this very reason.




